# CreditDocumentMetadata

Object representing metadata pertaining to the document.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **str** | The name of the document. | 
**document_type** | **str, none_type** | The type of document.  &#x60;PAYSTUB&#x60;: A paystub.  &#x60;BANK_STATEMENT&#x60;: A bank statement.  &#x60;US_TAX_W2&#x60;: A W-2 wage and tax statement provided by a US employer reflecting wages earned by the employee.  &#x60;US_MILITARY_ERAS&#x60;: An electronic Retirement Account Statement (eRAS) issued by the US military.  &#x60;US_MILITARY_LES&#x60;: A Leave and Earnings Statement (LES) issued by the US military.  &#x60;US_MILITARY_CLES&#x60;: A Civilian Leave and Earnings Statment (CLES) issued by the US military.  &#x60;GIG&#x60;: Used to indicate that the income is related to gig work. Does not necessarily correspond to a specific document type.  &#x60;PLAID_GENERATED_PAYSTUB_PDF&#x60;: Used to indicate that the PDF for the paystub was generated by Plaid.  &#x60;NONE&#x60;: Used to indicate that there is no underlying document for the data.  &#x60;UNKNOWN&#x60;: Document type could not be determined. | 
**download_url** | **str, none_type** | Signed URL to retrieve the underlying file. This download URL can only be used once and expires after two minutes. To generate a new download URL, call &#x60;/credit/payroll_income/get&#x60; again. | 
**status** | **str, none_type** | The processing status of the document.  &#x60;PROCESSING_COMPLETE&#x60;: The document was successfully processed.  &#x60;DOCUMENT_ERROR&#x60;: The document could not be processed. Possible causes include: The document was an unacceptable document type such as an offer letter or bank statement, the document image was cropped or blurry, or the document was corrupted.  &#x60;UNKNOWN&#x60; or &#x60;null&#x60;: An internal error occurred. If this happens repeatedly, contact support or your Plaid account manager. | 
**page_count** | **int, none_type** | The number of pages of the uploaded document (if available). | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


