# PaymentInitiationPaymentStatus

The status of the payment.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_INPUT_NEEDED`: This is the initial state of all payments. It indicates that the payment is waiting on user input to continue processing. A payment may re-enter this state later on if further input is needed.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED`: The payment has been successfully authorised and accepted by the financial institution. For successful payments, this is a potential terminal status. Further status transitions can be to REJECTED and, when supported by the institution, to EXECUTED.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS`: The payment has failed due to insufficient funds.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_FAILED`: The payment has failed to be initiated. This error may be caused by transient system outages and is retryable once the root cause is resolved.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_BLOCKED`: The payment has been blocked by Plaid. This can occur, for example, due to Plaid flagging the payment as potentially risky. This is a retryable error.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_AUTHORISING`: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when the financial institution has authorised the transaction.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_CANCELLED`: The payment was cancelled (typically by the end user) during authorisation.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_EXECUTED`: The funds have successfully left the payer account and payment is considered complete. Not all institutions support this status: support is more common in the UK, and less common in the EU. For institutions where this status is not supported, the terminal status for a successful payment will be `PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED`.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_SETTLED`: The payment has settled and funds are available for use. A payment will typically settle within seconds to several days, depending on which payment rail is used. This status is only available to customers using [Plaid Virtual Accounts](https://plaid.com/docs/virtual-accounts/).  `PAYMENT_STATUS_ESTABLISHED`: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_REJECTED`: The payment was rejected by the financial institution.  Deprecated: These statuses will be removed in a future release.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_UNKNOWN`: The payment status is unknown.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_PROCESSING`: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when processing is complete.  `PAYMENT_STATUS_COMPLETED`: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders.

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**value** | **str** | The status of the payment.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_INPUT_NEEDED&#x60;: This is the initial state of all payments. It indicates that the payment is waiting on user input to continue processing. A payment may re-enter this state later on if further input is needed.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED&#x60;: The payment has been successfully authorised and accepted by the financial institution. For successful payments, this is a potential terminal status. Further status transitions can be to REJECTED and, when supported by the institution, to EXECUTED.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS&#x60;: The payment has failed due to insufficient funds.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_FAILED&#x60;: The payment has failed to be initiated. This error may be caused by transient system outages and is retryable once the root cause is resolved.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_BLOCKED&#x60;: The payment has been blocked by Plaid. This can occur, for example, due to Plaid flagging the payment as potentially risky. This is a retryable error.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_AUTHORISING&#x60;: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when the financial institution has authorised the transaction.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_CANCELLED&#x60;: The payment was cancelled (typically by the end user) during authorisation.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_EXECUTED&#x60;: The funds have successfully left the payer account and payment is considered complete. Not all institutions support this status: support is more common in the UK, and less common in the EU. For institutions where this status is not supported, the terminal status for a successful payment will be &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED&#x60;.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_SETTLED&#x60;: The payment has settled and funds are available for use. A payment will typically settle within seconds to several days, depending on which payment rail is used. This status is only available to customers using [Plaid Virtual Accounts](https://plaid.com/docs/virtual-accounts/).  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_ESTABLISHED&#x60;: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_REJECTED&#x60;: The payment was rejected by the financial institution.  Deprecated: These statuses will be removed in a future release.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_UNKNOWN&#x60;: The payment status is unknown.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_PROCESSING&#x60;: The payment is currently being processed. The payment will automatically exit this state when processing is complete.  &#x60;PAYMENT_STATUS_COMPLETED&#x60;: Indicates that the standing order has been successfully established. This state is only used for standing orders. |  must be one of ["PAYMENT_STATUS_INPUT_NEEDED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_PROCESSING", "PAYMENT_STATUS_INITIATED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_COMPLETED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_INSUFFICIENT_FUNDS", "PAYMENT_STATUS_FAILED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_BLOCKED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_UNKNOWN", "PAYMENT_STATUS_EXECUTED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_SETTLED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_AUTHORISING", "PAYMENT_STATUS_CANCELLED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_ESTABLISHED", "PAYMENT_STATUS_REJECTED", ]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


